			ROX-Filer
			A RISCOS-like filer for X
			by Thomas Leonard

This is a list of features that should/will be added when I have time (or
when someone sends patches!).

BUGS

Selecting a pinboard icon only redraws the text (by highlights all of it!).

Creating/renaming/etc a file with %2e (etc) in the name expands it!

Size and position settings don't work on new windows.

Odd things to investigate:
- foreach_remove in filer settings.
- newChild -> newChildText?
- Remove Filter regexp code.

ROX has an implementation of GtkIconTheme copied from GTK 2.3. GTK 2.4
also has its own copy. Both copies scan the theme directories when
initialised, which is a waste of time. ROX should use the GTK version
when present.

Arrow in Find box.

The Set Type interface confuses people, because it usually doesn't work.

Saved settings for display size and position make the window flicker when
changing directory.

			FEATURES FOR 2.1

Windows should include the toolbar size when autosizing, but still allow the
window to be resized smaller. Remove the current option.

Going Up in List View loses the focus and scroll position.

Better errors from SOAP messages.

If you set an icon view with some details turned on (like "sizes" or
"permissions") a maximum width value is silently ignored.

Info box should close on Escape.

Shift+Menu on the Up button should show the Send To menu.

Sorting by group/user should use name (Bernard Jungen).

File2.html comes before File.html. Also, very large numbers aren't handled.

Mounting/unmounting via a symlink doesn't update the display automatically.

When the minibuffer is highlighted in red, scanning more items should recheck.

Text beside icons style is too wide.

Bookmarks:

- Short name for bookmarks (you can assign names to items, so instead of
  seeing "/usr/share/doc" in the menu, you see "Documentation").

Bookmarks:
- Show selection groups?
- Auto-add recent operations

Iconified directories show the directory's icon (Marcus Lundblad)?

Some way to process the files found by Find.

Auto-unmount when last directory is closed.

Active icons in iconified windows (Christian V. J. Brüssow).

When all selected items have the same type, show handlers for that type on
the SendTo menu (Arnaud Calvo)?

Use XFS extended attribute to store MIME types.

Tab completion in save boxes.

Order icons vertically or horizontally (option)?

Rescanning sometimes causes the display to scroll (automounter problem).

Allow command-line arguments for executation pinboard/panel icons.

Opening an AVFS directory with left-click should reuse the same window.

Deleting / moving files should update the globicons?

'Edit Item' doesn't make much sense for applets...

Make Find expressions easier for beginners.

Individual sliders for max window horizontal and vertical sizes?

Winking of items should be an option?

Shell / Select If history menu.

Shift-click on symlink should open the file. Add a 'Follow link' submenu.

Option to make menu-click over a file open the File submenu only?

Key bindings in the New File menu don't work (move to dialog box?).

All leafnames to be truncated, even when details are displayed.
Use condensed fonts for long names?

Use an environment variable to override the platform-name guessing in
AppRun.

Provide a way to set the display style on a per-directory basis
(shell glob patterns?) Also remember window size?

Right-most icon in the last row should extend to the far right of the window,
even if it isn't in the last column.

Allow filtering on any expression (not just Show Hidden).

Allow find expression with Permissions command...


			OTHERS


Fully configurable toolbar?

Corner panels?

Close Panel menu item?

Highlighting of icons as you drag a box around them, so it's clear what you
have caught in the box?

Enable (temporarily) single-click navigation when a special key is pressed?

In single click mode, beep when the user tries to double click?

Copying a relative symlink should make it absolute? Ask during the copy?

Recursive 'a-x' acts on the directory first and so can't then change the
permissions on the contents. chmod(1) has the same problem.

Option to disable open-file-and-close-window behaviour (sometimes happens
accidentally)?

Remember last scroll position when returning to a directory?

'Edge folders' (panel items spring-open with zero delay when the pointer
is at the edge of the scree)?

SOAP calls to remove pinboard/panel icons?

AppInfo.xml (Christopher Arndt):
	<Property name="x-on-drop-move" value="--move"/>
	<Property name="x-on-drop-link" value="--link"/>



			LONG TERM


Use a separate process to access the filesystem. Prevents hanging when you
try to access a dead filesystem. Do this via gnome-vfs?

Allow user to change permissions to another user on the fly, by entering a
password. 'su' requires a tty - use xsu?
